README.md, before:

# React + TypeScript + Vite

This template provides a minimal setup to get React working in Vite with HMR and some ESLint rules.

Currently, two official plugins are available:

- [@vitejs/plugin-react](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react/README.md) uses [Babel](https://babeljs.io/) for Fast Refresh
- [@vitejs/plugin-react-swc](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react-swc) uses [SWC](https://swc.rs/) for Fast Refresh

## Expanding the ESLint configuration

If you are developing a production application, we recommend updating the configuration to enable type aware lint rules:

- Configure the top-level `parserOptions` property like this:

```js
   parserOptions: {
    ecmaVersion: 'latest',
    sourceType: 'module',
    project: ['./tsconfig.json', './tsconfig.node.json'],
    tsconfigRootDir: __dirname,
   },
```

- Replace `plugin:@typescript-eslint/recommended` to `plugin:@typescript-eslint/recommended-type-checked` or `plugin:@typescript-eslint/strict-type-checked`
- Optionally add `plugin:@typescript-eslint/stylistic-type-checked`
- Install [eslint-plugin-react](https://github.com/jsx-eslint/eslint-plugin-react) and add `plugin:react/recommended` & `plugin:react/jsx-runtime` to the `extends` list

Commit message:

add Docker description to README

README.md, after:

# FrontEnd React + TypeScript + Vite

This template provides a minimal setup to get React working in Vite with HMR and some ESLint rules.

Currently, two official plugins are available:

- [@vitejs/plugin-react](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react/README.md) uses [Babel](https://babeljs.io/) for Fast Refresh
- [@vitejs/plugin-react-swc](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react-swc) uses [SWC](https://swc.rs/) for Fast Refresh

## How to use Docker

# In the terminal navigate to your project directory, then execute
1. docker build -t [your docker image name] .

To check your Docker Image, execute
2. docker images
It will show the list of images available on your system

# Run the Docker Container
3. docker run -d --rm -p 5173:5173 --name [name of the container] [your docker image name]

Flag used in the command
-d - To run the container in the background (Detach Mode )
--rm - To delete the container, when you stop the container
-p - Port Mapping between container and outside world.
5173:5173 - [Port access from Browser]: [Port exposed from the container]

To check whether your docker container is running or not, execute
4. docker ps
It will show the list of containers running on your system

# Open the App in the Browser
Open the Browser and access http://localhost:[Port you mentioned in the docker run command] as per the configuration we did so far it should be http://localhost:5173
